The main function calls the methods: FCFS, CScan, Scan, Look, and CLook. It then prints each algorithm's total head movements. 
The cylinder is a public static int variable of 5000. The requests array is a public static int array with request values of 4078, 153, 2819, 3294, 1433, 211, 1594, 
2004, 2335, 2007, 771, 1043, 3950, 2784, 1881, 2931, 3599, 1245, 4086, 520, 3901, 2866, 947, 3794, 2353, 3970, 3948, 1815, 4621, 372, 2684, 3088, 827, 3126, 2083, 
584, 4420, 1294, 917, 2881, 3659, 2868, 100, 1581, 4581, 1664, 1001, 1213, 3439, 4706. 

The method FCFS passes in the initial head position of 100 and returns the int of the total head movements. It services requests as they come in so first come first 
serve. It adds each distance between the requests as they come in to return the total head movements.

The method Scan passes in the initial head position of 100 and returns the int of the total head movements. Scan services all requests going up until 4999 and then 
reverses and the services continue. It sorts the requests array and then finds the first disk serviced by finding the min distance between the initial disk and 
every other disk.Then, the distance of the first disk served from the initial disk head position is added to the total head movements to begin the movements. The 
disk head moves upwards until cylinder-1 (4999) and then will reverse back from the right end of the disk to the closest left end of the disk until the smallest 
disk value if the first disk served is not the smallest number (as it is in this case). 

The method CScan passes in the initial head position of 100 and returns the int of the total head movements. CScan services all requests going upward until 4999 and 
then returns to the beginning of the disk to 0 without servicing any requests on the return trip. Once it reaches 0, it starts services the rest of the requests.  
It sorts the requests array and then finds the first disk serviced by finding the min distance between the initial disk and every other disk.Then, the distance of 
the first disk served from the initial disk head position is added to the total head movements to begin the movements. The disk head moves upwards until cylinder-1 
(4999). If the first disk served is not the smallest number (as it is in this case) then it circles back to the beginning of the disk without servicing any requests 
on the return trip. Then it starts to service again as it moves back upwards.  

The method Look passes in the initial head position of 100 and returns the int of the total head movements. Look services all requests going up and then reverses 
and the services continue. The arm goes only as far as the final request in each direction and does not go all the way to the end of the disk in the reverse. It 
sorts the requests array and then finds the first disk serviced by finding the min distance between the initial disk and every other disk.Then, the distance of the 
first disk served from the initial disk head position is added to the total head movements to begin the movements. The disk head moves upwards until the highest 
disk value request. Then, if the first disk served is not the smallest number (as it is in this case), it starts to bounce back and reverse direction from the right 
end of the disk to the closest left end of the disk until the smallest disk value.

The method CLook passes in the initial head position of 100 and returns the int of the total head movements. CLook services all requests going upward and then 
returns to the beginning of the disk to the smallest request without servicing any requests on the return trip. Once it reaches the smallest request, it starts 
services the rest of the requests.The arm goes only as far as the final request in each direction and does not go all the way to the end of the disk in the reverse. 
It sorts the requests array and then finds the first disk serviced by finding the min distance between the initial disk and every other disk.Then, the distance of 
the first disk served from the initial disk head position is added to the total head movements to begin the movements. The disk head moves upwards until the highest 
disk value request. Then, if the first disk served is not the smallest number (as it is in this case), it circles back to the beginning of the disk without 
servicing any requests on the return trip. Then it starts to service again as it moves back upwards. 
